Multiple sequences as input and restructuring of output (#204)
nf-core/proteinfold: docs/output.md

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

> - `colabfold/webserver/` or `colabfold/local/` based on the selected mode. Contain the computed MSAs, unrelaxed structures, relaxed structures, ranked structures, raw model outputs, prediction metadata, and section timings. Specifically, `<SEQUENCE NAME>_plddt_mqc.tsv` presents the pLDDT scores per residue for each of the 5 predicted models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `colabfold/webserver/` or `colabfold/local/` based on the selected mode. It contains the computed MSAs, unrelaxed structures, relaxed structures, ranked structures, raw model outputs, prediction metadata, and section timings. Specifically, `<SEQUENCE NAME>_plddt_mqc.tsv` presents the pLDDT scores per residue for each of the 5 predicted models.
```
